so Michaels is a school of around about
1,200 children we have children from the
age of three through to nineteen we have
a sixth form and we start children in a
new nursery the development of the
nursery within the school it's important
because we want to be able to provide
education for children from the age of
three through to nineteen the best thing
with working at st. Michael's is that we
actually see children all the way
through their academic life so we have
them from nursery all the way through to
reception Key Stage 1 & 2 the transition
from primary to secondary is almost
seamless we develop well-rounded
children we look at the spiritual the
moral as well as the academic because of
st. Michael's Catholic school is based
on Christian values with the importance
being to love serve and to do the best
that you can
we're really good community and we work
together charity events and things and
everyone really know each other's
they'll get on and also the teachers
have a better chance to get to know you
so they can help you out give you more
opportunities
the best thing I can set Michel school
is definitely the atmosphere that we
have both with pupils parents and staff
the staff and the students the best
thing about working here without a doubt
the staff are absolutely lovely so
supportive I think the best thing about
st. Michael's School is everyone's here
to help one another right from when you
join to when you leave and the teachers
and all the students know this
the environment that you work in is
really friendly it's relaxed but focused
on what we should be doing and there's a
real sense of Education not just for the
children but also for the members of
staff so continually develop and
professionally it's one of the ways that
st. Michael's is a really good place to
work they're very very supportive which
means that we can move forward and you
can get the necessary training we're
looking for someone who's going to come
in and be prepared to work hard who
wants to learn and wants to progress
once it developed their career wants to
be successful
the students are fantastic if you ask
them to be something they will
completely in for the engage in anything
you ask them today the children are
involved in the whole learning process
from identifying what their learning
needs are to knowing what their next
steps are the most rewarding thing is
definitely gotta be the thank you that
you get at the end of your lesson the
kids leaving the same thanks for today
sir see you later and it's just one of
those things I think it's going to come
with teaching they're Michael's Catholic
school really do support you through
every single year no matter when you
come into the school they're always
there for you and they get to know you
they watch you grow and develop for
years